Young man, who are you looking for? These are some of my little thoughts.
But I can repay you for these hand-photographed photos.
However, Xiaxia and I are pro-media and the main network, so I am more suitable.
I know you like jade, so I bought you a few pieces of Hetianmai jade.
See if it suits you
But suitable
Dad, I know you like to be told about old things.
These are the old things I made for you specially to escape from.
See if there's anything you like and I'll buy it for you.
Are you serious about it?
These real estate governments and merchants
I'll sell it all to the next person
And there's a name on it
Even if you get divorced in the future
I will also be in high spirits
All the rail boxes have just arrived.
my own wife
I will wake him up
I let you wake up early
I see real food
There’s no need for you to stay here?